hey everybody who's cookie no face and
today we're going to make the party saw
sharkeisha punch first video needs your
tumbler you need some ice you need your
shot glass we're gonna take some mad dog
20/20 peaches and cream we're going to
take some Everclear some vodka some blue
quartz some island pucker
so some Tampico eyelid punch and we're
going to take some homemade iced tea how
y'all throw my drink it's going to
Mitchell happy day after Thanksgiving so
what we want to do we will take a shot
of Mad Dogs peaches and cream I'm gonna
put that in October we're gonna take a
shot I ever played y'all be clear on
this ever clear does everything look
clear the next day you want to take a
shot of Baca we're gonna take a shot of
blue quarter so I'm down to the bottom
that's why I'm shaking from I take a
shower
whoo Island fuck I'm post-filter fuck
you don't know what I've been going
looking at right on the office table
we're gonna take some Tampico Island
Parks and you can get this from the
supermarket or the Dominican store if
you live in bikini no New York anything
we're gonna pour in some iced tea and
this is homemade iced tea that I mean
shoving and iced tea mix that's it shake
it up never clear back explode you're
gonna shake it up we're gonna pour it in
a nice pretty little egg gasps man that
look like you won't get knocked down
this won't sneak up on you like
sharkeisha snuggle Borchardt Michael I'm
gonna take a step
I drink more that sounds William bill
the real Thursday and you can't find a
place roll over to the hood see cookie
no face
when I was in the shit